Rewrite readmes (#1085)
actions/cache: README.md

* New actions are available for granular control over caches - [restore](restore/action.yml) and [save](save/action.yml).
* Support cross-os caching as an opt-in feature. See [Cross OS caching](./tips-and-workarounds.md#cross-os-cache) for more info.

See the [v2 README.md](https://github.com/actions/cache/blob/v2/README.md) for older updates.

## Usage

### Pre-requisites

Create a workflow `.yml` file in your repository's `.github/workflows` directory. An [example workflow](#example-cache-workflow) is available below. For more information, see the GitHub Help Documentation for [Creating a workflow file](https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-a-workflow#creating-a-workflow-file).

If you are using this inside a container, a POSIX-compliant `tar` needs to be included and accessible from the execution path.

If you are using a `self-hosted` Windows runner, `GNU tar` and `zstd` are required for [Cross-OS caching](https://github.com/actions/cache/blob/main/tips-and-workarounds.md#cross-os-cache) to work. They are also recommended to be installed in general so the performance is on par with `hosted` Windows runners.

### Inputs

> * `key` - An explicit key identifying a cache. See [creating a cache key](#creating-a-cache-key).

Reviewer: Technically a key does not identify a cache uniquely which I feel this sentence seems to be indicating. Hence better to go back to older text.

```suggestion
* `key` - An explicit key for restoring and saving the cache. See [creating a cache key](#creating-a-cache-key).
```

Author: Would you accept `naming` instead of `identifying`?

I'm trying to:
* avoid the awkwardness of `restoring and saving` instead of `saving and restoring` -- yes, I get that the sequence is restore and then save (although I believe that in practice it will really only restore or save, because if the cache exists to restore, it will not save since caches are write-once by id)
* harmonize the text across all three files

Author: I've applied this change:
```diff
-* `key` - An explicit key identifying a cache. See [creating a cache key](../README.md#creating-a-cache-key).
+* `key` - An explicit key for a cache entry. See [creating a cache key](../README.md#creating-a-cache-key).
```

Which seems like a more correct entry. It's consistent with the wording in nearby lines, avoids the problem of the restore/save, and avoids using the awkward `identifying`.

If you are using this inside a container, a POSIX-compliant `tar` needs to be included and accessible from the execution path.

If you are using a `self-hosted` Windows runner, `GNU tar` and `zstd` are required for [Cross-OS caching](https://github.com/actions/cache/blob/main/tips-and-workarounds.md#cross-os-cache) to work. They are also recommended to be installed in general so the performance is on par with `hosted` Windows runners.

### Inputs

* `key` - An explicit key for a cache entry. See [creating a cache key](#creating-a-cache-key).
* `path` - A list of files, directories, and wildcard patterns to cache and restore. See [`@actions/glob`](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/tree/main/packages/glob) for supported patterns.
* `restore-keys` - An ordered list of prefix-matched keys to use for restoring stale cache if no cache hit occurred for key.
* `enableCrossOsArchive` - An optional boolean when enabled, allows Windows runners to save or restore caches that can be restored or saved respectively on other platforms. Default: `false`

> * `fail-on-cache-miss` - Fail the workflow if cache entry is not found. Default: false

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `fail-on-cache-miss` - Fail the workflow if cache entry is not found. Default: `false`
```
As this came from the recently merged PR.
